on the yearbook
Oh
nobody knows
you have like a spoken and shit
you recorded disgusted with it
2:53 she yeah and it'll be right 253 at
Shaw you hail taper are you as you know
the horizon where are you - I got a
YouTube account gonna utilize it
she's in the hall
somebody's in the hall I got them
realized and girl little you home
oh sure I'm sure that blondish looking
down there wrong daddy wait how you doin
although the friend of the beta can
figure out that damn speaker you know
how you see it
this hey lover
little spoon hey you can make a second
piece I'll get my dirty ass my
girlfriend shit everywhere and I'm a
shit
Oh
okay okay pick it